PMM-13633 Migration of API keys. (#3420)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/pmm-upgrade/migrating_from_pmm_2.md

Depending on your initial installation method, update PMM Clients using your operating system's package manager or by updating from a tarball.
For detailed instructions, see the [Upgrade PMM Client topic](../pmm-upgrade/upgrade_client.md).

## Step 4: Migration of API Keys
!!! caution alert alert-warning "Important"
In PMM 3 Server, API Keys are deprecated and should not be used.

To migrate all API Keys, admin users need to log in to Grafana.
Once logged in, you will see a popup window with details about the migrated API Keys. If no popup appears, it is likely that there were no API Keys to migrate.

> In the menu, go to **Administration -> Users and Access -> Service Accounts**. Verify that all API Keys have been migrated and that the API Keys menu is no longer visible.

Reviewer: as we discussed yesterday can you please add curl command here?

Author: Sure, sorry I forgot to do that. Added.

Depending on your initial installation method, update PMM Clients using your operating system's package manager or by updating from a tarball.
For detailed instructions, see the [Upgrade PMM Client topic](../pmm-upgrade/upgrade_client.md).

## Step 4: Migration of API Keys
!!! caution alert alert-warning "Important"
In PMM 3 Server, API Keys are deprecated and should not be used.

To migrate all API Keys, an admin user needs to log in to Grafana.
Once logged in, you will see a popup window with details about the migrated API Keys. If no popup appears, it is likely that there were no API Keys to migrate.

> In the menu, go to **Administration -> Users and Access -> Service Accounts**. Verify that all API Keys have been migrated and that the API Keys menu is no longer visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> You can also perform this via a CLI command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### From CLI
You can also trigger the conversion with the following command, replacing `admin:admin` with your credentials:
```

> `curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/api/serviceaccounts/migrate -u admin:admin -H "Content-Type: application/json"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	      ```sh
	        Copycurl -X POST http://localhost:3000/api/serviceaccounts/migrate \
	        -u admin:admin \
	        -H "Content-Type: application/json
	      ```
	

```

> Please replace admin:admin with your valid credentials. As reponse you will get migration details. Example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Please replace admin:admin with your valid credentials. You will get the migration details in the response. Example:
```

Depending on your initial installation method, update PMM Clients using your operating system's package manager or by updating from a tarball.
For detailed instructions, see the [Upgrade PMM Client topic](../pmm-upgrade/upgrade_client.md).

## Step 4: Migrate your API keys to service accounts

PMM 3 replaces API keys with service accounts to enhance security and simplify access management. You can trigger this API key conversion from the UI or from the CLI.
	
### From the UI:
PMM automatically migrates existing API Keys to Service Accounts when you first log in as an Admin user. The migration results are displayed in a popup dialog box. If no popup appears, it likely means there are no API Keys to migrate—this is typical for PMM Servers without connected services.
	
### From CLI

> You can also trigger the conversion with the following command, replacing `admin:admin` with your credentials:

Author: Or user can has different address and port. Instead of 127.0.0.1 and 3000. Maybe we can mention also this.
